reassigning security groups to existing instances: 
	"I've found the solution to the problem of not being able to re-assign the Security Groups of existing instances.
	The root of the problem is that my account was launching instances into the EC2-Classic platform rather than the EC2-VPC platform (more on this below).  But the main point is from this link, http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-network-security.html which states, "On EC2-Classic, you can't change which security groups are assigned to an instance after it's launched. However, on EC2-VPC, you can change which security groups are assigned to an instance after it's launched."
	The problem afflicts AWS users who do not have an assigned "VPC ID" or rather do not have a Default VPC (Virtual Private Cloud).  More specifically, these are users whose AWS Account Attributes show support for TWO platforms:  EC2-Classic and EC2-VPC.  You can check which platform(s) your account supports by looking the upper right corner of your EC2 Dashboard.  Here is what mine looks like: Account Attributes | Supported Platforms: EC2-Classic, EC2-VPC
	Such users likely are those that were registered AWS users prior to March 2013, like myself.  More about this date can be found in the blog referenced in this announcement, https://forums.aws.amazon.com/ann.jspa?annID=1875.
	If you only see EC2-VPC then you don't have to worry because any instances you create are automatically put in a VPC and thus you'd be able to reassign security groups without any issues.
	When the account shows both EC2-Classic and EC2-VPC are supported, Amazon does not provide a Default VPC for these users.  But if the account shows just EC2-VPC then Amazon does provide a Default VPC, http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/default-vpc.html.
	So my account does not provide a Default VPC.  And up to this point in the course my instances have been created (unknowningly) in the EC2-Classic platform (rather than the EC2-VPC platform).  In this situation, instances launched into the EC2-Classic platform do not allow the reassignment of Security Groups of existing instances as I explained in the beginning.  So in order to get an instance into a VPC, I would have to create one explicitly since Amazon didn't create a default for me.  You may need to sign up for VPC if you don't already subscribe to its service.
	Creating a VPC is relatively straightforward except that any Non-default VPC does not automatically get assigned a public DNS and therefore is not automatically accessible from the outside, http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/vpc-ip-addressing.html.  To make it accessible you would need to allocate an Elastic IP, of which we are allowed one for free so long as its always assigned to an instance.  If you stop using the Elastic IP then make sure to free it up so that you don't get charged hourly for its non-use.  The use of the Elastic IP in association with an instance that was launched into a VPC will automatically give it a public DNS name that you can then reference as the hostname that you can SSH to.
	The alternative to going through all the hassle above is to stick with EC2-Classic and not bother with trying to get instances running in a VPC.  In this case, either just modify the existing security group that is assigned to your instance, with the new rules, OR relaunch a new instance into EC2-Classic but during the launch process assign the security group "SSH-HTTP-HTTPS" that you would have created beforehand.
	That took a long time to figure out so I hope it helps someone."
		- https://class.coursera.org/startup-001/forum/thread?thread_id=4499#comment-12228